---
title: "Network"
bg: '#63BD2F'
color: white
icon: img/icons/jedi.png
---

<h1> Network </h1>

We have used the Wookieepedia pages to form a directed graph. The nodes are the different characters. Links to other characters on the pages form the edges in the graph. Every node will have two attributes. Firstly, every character is a member of one or more affiliations (The Jedi Order, The Galactic Republic, etc.). We can use these affiliations to judge the __goodness__ of a character, and use this as an attribute in our graph. The goodness score spans from -3 to 4. Secondly, every character is also of a certain __race__ (e.g. Anakin is a human while Chewbakka is a Wookiee). We can set this race as an attribute as well. These attributes appear in a separate box on all the character Wookiepedia pages and is easy to extract.
<br>
<br>

Our graph consist of 407 nodes and 5086 edges. Below it is shown interactively, where you can drag the view and zoom in and out. The colors of the nodes are set according to their level of goodness. Red nodes are characters who are members of evil affiliations and green nodes are characters who are members of good affiliations. The race of the character is listed below their name.
<div class="tab">
	<h4> Set node size relative to ... </h4>
  <button class="tablink network" onclick="sizeby('deg')">Degree Centrality</button>
  <button class="tablink network" onclick="sizeby('btw')">Betweenness Centrality</button>
  <button class="tablink network" onclick="sizeby('eig')">Eigenvector Centrality</button>
</div>

<div class="visgood">Network Graph</div>
<br>
It is interesting to see Anakin Skywalker (Darth Vader) being yellow and not red, although this makes sense when you think about it, since he was good in the first 3 movies.
<h3> Network Statistics </h3>
Randomness factor? Is that even a thing? avg. degree, in-degree and out-degree. Scale-free/power-law, etc.

We can tell that there are a few huge nodes with a very high degree (Anakin, Obi-Wan, Darth Sidious), while there is a lot of tiny nodes with a very small degree.  

Vis degree dist graf her



<!---
{% highlight text linenos=table %}
---
title: "home"
bg: white     #defined in _config.yml, can use html color like '#010101'
color: black  #text color
style: center
---

# Example headline!
and so on..
{% endhighlight %}
--->

